DOCS-7655 Adds Code Analysis Troubleshooting Doc Page (#22665)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/code_analysis/troubleshooting/_index.md

---
title: Code Analysis Troubleshooting
kind: documentation
description: Learn how to troubleshoot common Code Analysis issues and how to engage with Support.
further_reading:
- link: "/code_analysis/"
  tag: "Documentation"
  text: "Learn about Code Analysis"
- link: "/code_analysis/static_analysis/"
  tag: "Documentation"
  text: "Learn about Static Analysis"
- link: "/code_analysis/software_composition_analysis/"
  tag: "Documentation"
  text: "Learn about Software Composition Analysis"
---

## Overview

If you experience issues setting up or configuring Datadog Code Analysis, use this page to start troubleshooting. If you continue to have trouble, [contact Datadog Support][1].

## Static Analysis

> For issues with the Datadog Static Analyzer, include the following information in a bug report to Support as well as your customer success manager.

Reviewer: To verify, I've seen this capitalized
```suggestion
For issues with the Datadog Static Analyzer, include the following information in a bug report to Support as well as your Customer Success Manager.
```

- Your `static-analysis.datadog.yml` file
- The output of your static analysis tool (such as a CLI) that is run locally or in a CI/CD pipeline
- The SARIF file produced (if there are any and are available)
- The URL of your repository (public or private)
- The name of the branch you ran the analysis on
- The exact command line used to run the Datadog Static Analyzer

### Performance issues

If you are experiencing performance issues, you can enable the `--performance-statistics` flag when running the static analysis tool from the command line.

For performance issues, include the following information:

- Your `static-analysis.datadog.yml` file
- The output of your static analysis tool (such as a CLI) that is run locally or in a CI/CD pipeline
- The URL of your repository (public or private)

**Note:** If you are using [Static Analysis and GitHub Actions][2], set the [`enable_performance_statistics`][3] parameter to true.

### Blocking issues

If you are experiencing issues unrelated to performance or if the Datadog Static Analyzer fails to exit, run the Datadog Static Analyzer with the `--debug true --performance-statistics` flag.

## Software Composition Analysis

> For issues with Datadog Software Composition Analysis, include the following information in a bug report to Support as well as your customer success manager.

Author: ```suggestion
For issues with Datadog Software Composition Analysis, include the following information in a bug report to Support as well as your Customer Success Manager.
```

- The output of your SCA tool (such as CLI) that is run locally or in a CI/CD pipeline
- The SBOM file produced (if there are any available)
- The URL of your repository (public or private)
- The name of the branch you ran the analysis on

> - The list of dependency files in your repository (e.g. package-lock.json, requirements.txt, pom.xml)

Author: ```suggestion
- The list of dependency files in your repository (such as `package-lock.json`, `requirements.txt`, or `pom.xml`)
```
